Add conditional importing airgap image feature (#422)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/airgap.md

2. Download the images archive to the agent's images directory, for example:
  ```bash
  sudo mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/k3s/agent/images/
  sudo curl -L -o /var/lib/rancher/k3s/agent/images/k3s-airgap-images-amd64.tar.zst "https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/releases/download/v1.33.1%2Bk3s1/k3s-airgap-images-amd64.tar.zst"
  ```
3. Proceed to the [Install K3s](#install-k3s) section below.

> #### Only import if Airgap Image Tarball is new
> 
> All images are imported every time k3s starts. This is done to ensure that all the images are available every time, even if some images are removed or pruned since last startup. However, this delays startup as the kubelet is not started until after all images have been imported.

Reviewer: Keep this section header short since it ends up in the TOC
```suggestion
#### Enable Conditional Image Imports

Image archives are imported every time k3s starts. This is done to ensure that all the images are consistently available, even if some images have been removed or pruned since last startup. However, this delays startup as the kubelet is not started until after all archives have been processed.
```

> To alleviate this delay, starting with 1.33.1, 1.32.5, 1.31.9 and 1.30.13, there is an option to only import tarballs that have changed since they were last imported, even across restarts.

Reviewer: Use an `:::info Version Gate` block at the top of this section, instead of listing the versions here in the paragraph.

example: https://github.com/k3s-io/docs/blob/8d88f3037ad9c4827f0681db59bc2c07343f43f6/docs/cli/etcd-snapshot.md?plain=1#L90-L92

Author: Good idea

To enable this feature, create a `.cache.json` file in the directory where the tarballs were downloaded:
```bash
touch /var/lib/rancher/k3s/agent/images/.cache.json
```

> That file will get populated with information of the tarballs next time K3s restarts. Following restarts will not import the images, as long as the tarballs remain the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache file will store archive metadata as files are processed. Subsequent restarts of K3s will not import the images, as long as the size and modification time of the archive remains the same.
```

:::warning

> When this feature is enabled, it will not be possible to ensure that all images are available every time k3s starts. If an image was removed or pruned since last startup, the user will need to manually remove the `.cache.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this feature is enabled, it will not be possible to ensure that all images are available every time k3s starts. If an image was removed or pruned since last startup, the user will need to take manual action to reimport the image:
* Manually import the archive with `ctr image import`.
* Use `touch` to modify the timestamp of the archive containing the image.
* Clear the contents of the `.cache.json` file, and restart k3s.
```

Author: thanks! I added "Either", so that it is clear that the user only needs to take one

2. Download the images archive to the agent's images directory, for example:
  ```bash
  sudo mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/k3s/agent/images/
  sudo curl -L -o /var/lib/rancher/k3s/agent/images/k3s-airgap-images-amd64.tar.zst "https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/releases/download/v1.33.1%2Bk3s1/k3s-airgap-images-amd64.tar.zst"
  ```
3. Proceed to the [Install K3s](#install-k3s) section below.

#### Enable Conditional Image Imports

:::info Version Gate

> Conditional Image imports is available as of the May 2025 releases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conditional Image Import support is available as of the May 2025 releases:
```
